Update README.md (#20)
aws-samples/cdk-neptune-knowledge-graph: README.md

Deploy the CDK application. Note that Neptune will consume 2 Elastic IPs in your configured region.
Also note that these resources will cost money each month!

> Besure you are running node 14.x, node 16+ are not supported.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Be sure you are running node 14.x, node 16+ is not supported.
```
